feat(curriculum): add second set of quiz questions for Responsive Web Design (#59861)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-responsive-web-design/66ed9034f45ce3ece4053ebd.md

`all`

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS unit is commonly used in responsive design to create fluid layouts?

#### --distractors--

`px`

---

`em`

---

`rem`

#### --answer--

`%`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the primary purpose of using media queries in responsive web design?

#### --distractors--

To apply different styles based on user input

---

To make the website load faster

---

To change the website’s color scheme automatically

#### --answer--

To adjust the layout and design based on screen size

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the primary purpose of a media query in responsive web design?

Reviewer: This question is same as this one:

https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/1303bc3af8dd2bae2c8b15efd942c91531c88598/curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-responsive-web-design/66ed9034f45ce3ece4053ebd.md?plain=1#L554

Author: this was replaced with the new commit i just made

#### --distractors--

`motion-preference`

---

`reduce-motion`

---

`min-motion`

#### --answer--

> `prefers-reduced-motion`

Reviewer: This topic is taught in the CSS Animations section that comes later in the course. Kindly replace this question with a topic from the current section (Responsive Webdesign) only.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is an example of a media feature that can be used in a media query?

#### --distractors--

`background-color`

---

`font-size`

---

> `max-width`

Reviewer: This distractor needs to be changed as `max-width` is also a valid option.

#### --answer--

`min-width`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `@media screen and (max-width: 768px)` media query apply to?

#### --distractors--

It applies styles to screens larger than 768px wide.

---

It applies styles to all screens, regardless of size.

---

It applies styles to screens with a resolution greater than 768dpi.

#### --answer--

It applies styles to screens smaller than 768px wide.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following media query features targets devices with a screen resolution of at least 300dpi?

#### --distractors--

`@media screen and (min-width: 300dpi)`

---

`@media screen and (resolution: 300dpi)`

---

`@media screen and (min-res: 300dpi)`

#### --answer--

`@media screen and (min-resolution: 300dpi)`

> --question--

Author: i have corrected the formatting can you please recheck

> ### --question--

Reviewer 2: use backticks around the distractors and answer of this question

Author: it done

#### --text--

> What is the primary purpose of using media queries in responsive web design?

Reviewer: This is a duplicate of question no.2 in this set.

#### --distractors--

To apply different styles based on user input

---

To target specific devices or screen orientations

---

To make the website load faster

#### --answer--

To adjust the layout and design based on screen size

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a valid way to target devices with a portrait orientation using a media query?

#### --distractors--

`@media screen and (orientation: landscape) { ... }`

---

`@media (orientation: portrait) { ... }`

---

`@media screen and (min-orientation: portrait) { ... }`

#### --answer--

`@media screen and (orientation: portrait) { ... }`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which media query feature is used to apply styles based on the resolution of the device?

#### --distractors--

`@media (resolution: high) { ... }`

---

`@media screen and (resolution: 300dpi) { ... }`

---

`@media (min-resolution: 150) { ... }`

#### --answer--

`@media (min-resolution: 300dpi) { ... }`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the purpose of the `@media (hover: hover)` query in CSS?

Reviewer: This question is same as the one below:

```
What does the `@media (hover: hover)` media query check for?
```

Reviewer 3: @saif814 

was this comment addressed?

Author: yes i did fixed that i replace that with a new one

#### --distractors--

It applies styles only on touch devices.

---

It changes styles based on device orientation.

---

> It detects if the device supports a dark theme.

Reviewer: This seems out of context.

```suggestion
It detects if the device uses a touchscreen.
```

Author: this has been applied

#### --answer--

It checks if a device supports mouse hover.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which media feature allows you to apply styles only on high pixel density screens like Retina displays?

#### --distractors--

`device-type`

---

`aspect-ratio`

---

`min-width`

#### --answer--

`min-resolution`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which keyword can be used in media queries to combine multiple conditions?

#### --distractors--

if

---

then

---

combine

#### --answer--

and

### --question--

#### --text--

Which CSS technique is commonly used with media queries to apply styles only under specific conditions?

#### --distractors--

Using inline styles for all elements

---

> Setting styles in JavaScript based on time of day

Reviewer: This distractor seems out of context.
```suggestion
Using JavaScript to detect screen size and apply classes.
```

Author: this change was also applied

#### --text--

Which media feature is used to apply styles for devices in landscape orientation?

#### --distractors--

`@media screen and (min-width: 768px)`

---

`@media screen and (aspect-ratio: 16/9)`

---

`@media screen and (hover: hover)`

#### --answer--

`@media screen and (orientation: landscape)`

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the purpose of the `@media screen and (min-resolution: 300dpi)` query?

#### --distractors--

To apply styles for screens with a low pixel density.

---

To apply styles based on the screen’s width.

---

To apply styles based on the device's resolution in pixels.

#### --answer--

To apply styles for screens with a high pixel density.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is true about the mobile-first approach in responsive design?

#### --distractors--

It focuses on designing for large desktop screens first and then scaling down.

---

It designs primarily for tablet screens before scaling down.

---

It only targets smartphones and ignores tablets or desktops.

#### --answer--

It focuses on designing for mobile devices first, then scaling up for larger screens.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which media query feature is used to detect the screen orientation (landscape or portrait)?

Reviewer: This question is very similar to:

https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/1303bc3af8dd2bae2c8b15efd942c91531c88598/curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-responsive-web-design/66ed9034f45ce3ece4053ebd.md?plain=1#L818

Author: one of these were replace by a new question

#### --text--

> Which CSS value allows a container to adjust its width automatically based on the size of its parent in responsive design?

Author: yes i have applied your suggested change.

#### --text--

> What does the pointer media feature detect in a media query?

Reviewer: This topic isn't discussed in the responsive web design section.

Author: are you pointing out the question that says pointer media feature detect or the one that goes like `@media (hover: hover)` media query check for ?

Reviewer: Yes

Author: i have replace the ( what does the pointer media feature detect in a media qyery ) with a new question
